OVERALL OBJECTIVE:
Write a program that allows the user to play the card game flip. Flip is played by one player with a standard deck of 52 cards.
The game has the following steps: 
  1) The cards are shuffled three times.
  2) The player draws 24 cards from the top of the deck, without looking at them, and places them face down on the table.
  3) The player can either select a card to turn over, or end the game. If a card is turned over, the player:
    a) receives 10 points for an ace
    b) receives 5 points for a king, queen or jack
    c) receives 0 points for an 8, 9 or 10
    d) loses half their points for a 7
    e) loses all their points for a 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6
    f) receives 1 point extra, in addition to the above, for a heart
  4) A player’s goal is to end the game with the most points

PROJECT SPECIFICATIONS:
1) Fully implement a card class that stores a single card. A card includes a value and a suit (club, diamond, heart or spade). 
  The class should at least include:
  a) a constructor
  b) setValue() and setSuit() functions 
  c) getValue() and getSuit() functions 
  d) an overloaded << operator to print a card’s value and suit.
2) Fully implement a deck class that stores the cards in a deck in order. A deck of cards should be implemented using a 
  linked list of nodes, each of which contains a single card. The deck object should contain a pointer to the 
  first card in the deck. 
  The class should at least include 
  a) a constructor that creates a deck with all the cards in order (ace-king, club-diamond-heart-spade)
  b) an overloaded << operator that prints the cards in the deck
  c) a shuffle() function that shuffles the cards in the deck (Use any algorithm to shuffle the cards that puts the cards in a
  random order).
3) Include a main function that initializes a deck and prints all the cards in the deck before shuffle and after shuffle.
4) Add a copy constructor and overloaded assignment operator to the card class.
5) Add a destructor to the deck class to deallocate the list of cards.
6) Add a function deal to the deck class that returns the top card in the deck. The card is also removed from the deck.
7) Add a function replace to the deck class that is passed a card as a parameter. The card is placed on the
  bottom of the deck. (*In this game, the card should be the one that you just flipped. The deck is the one that initially
contains the cards that are not drawn by the player.)
8) Write a global function playFlip that plays the game by reading instructions from the keyboard (i.e., whether or not flip the next card) 
  and printing the results (including but not limited to the card just flipped, the player’s current score, and whether or 
  not the game has ended) to the screen. You should print the top 24 cards and the remaining cards of the deck to the screen. 
  Also, you should print the current hand after flipping a card to the screen.

I would like to thank my project partner Spandana Machavarapu for collaborating with me to comeplete this assignment.
