OVERALL OBJECTIVE:
Write a complete program that allows the user to play a game of Mastermind against the computer. 
A Mastermind game has the following steps:
  1) The codebreaker is prompted to enter two integers: the code length n, and the range of digits m.
  2) The codemaker selects a code: a random sequence of n digits, each of which is in the range [0,m-1].
  3) The codebreaker is prompted to enter a guess, an n-digit sequence.
  4) The codemaker responds by printing two values that indicate how close the guess is to the code. The first response 
  value is the number of digits that are the right digit in the right location. The second response value is the number 
  of digits that are the right digit in the wrong location.
  For example if the code is 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and the guess is 5, 0, 3, 2, 6, the response would be 1, 2 because one digit (3) 
  is the right digit in the right location, and two digits (2 and 5) are the right digits in the wrong locations.
  5) The codebreaker is prompted to continue entering guesses. The codebreaker wins if the correct code is guessed 
  in ten or fewer guesses, and otherwise the codemaker wins.

PROJECT SPECIFICATIONS:
1) Implement the class code which stores the code as a vector and contains the following:
  a) the code class declaration
  b) a constructor that is passed values n and m and initialize the code object
  c) a function that initializes the code randomly
  d) a function checkCorrect which is passed a guess as a parameter, i.e. another code object, and which returns 
  the number of correct digits in the correct location
  e) a function checkIncorrect which is passed a guess as a parameter (i.e. another code object and returns the 
  number of correct digits in the incorrect location. No digit in the guess or the code should be counted more than once.
2) Implement a function main() which initializes a secrete code and prints out the result of calling
  checkCorrect and checkIncorrect for three sample guess codes ((5, 0, 3, 2, 6), (2, 1, 2, 2, 2),
  (1, 3, 3, 4, 5)). 
3) Print the secrete code to check if program runs as intended.

4) Implement the class response which stores the response to a guess (number correct and number incorrect), which includes:
  a) a constructor
  b) functions to set and get the individual stored values within a response
  c) an overloaded operator == that compares responses and returns true if they are equal
  d) an overloaded operator << that prints a response
5) Implement the class mastermind which handles the playing of the game, which includes:
  a) a code object as a data member,
  b) two constructors to initialize the game: one constructor is passed values of n and m that were read from the keyboard, 
  and the other constructor is passed no parameters and uses default values for n = 5 and m = 10
  c) a function that prints the secret code,
  d) a function humanGuess() that reads a guess from the keyboard and returns a code object that represents the guess,
  e) a function getResponse() that is passed one code (a guess code), and returns a response,
  f) a function isSolved() that is passed a response and returns true if the response indicates that the board has been solved.
  g) a function playGame() that initializes a random code, prints it to the screen, and then iteratively gets a guess
    from the user and prints the response until either the codemaker or the codebreaker has won.
3. Implement a function main() which initializes a mastermind object and then calls playGame().

I would like to thank my project partner Spandana Machavarapu for collaborating with me to comeplete this assignment.
